
# Sex Scenes
OK, number one feature of Cinnamon will be getting the sex scene engine up and running. Everything else in this scenario will be tied to these in some way. So, really the design of Cinnamon is really a design of the sex system, so what does that entail?

  1. We start an encounter by selecting a location and one or more characters. The player is always involved.

  2. The first thing you need to start off an encounter is to select the focus. The focus encapsulates everything that may or may not happen, and sets the direction that the encounter will take. The focus should work like a script with different branches that determine how the encounter plays out.

  3. Structurally, I think a focus is composed of nodes. A character can make choices during the scene, choosing one activity or another to progress up the scene tree or even jump trees. Maybe it's not so much a tree as a directional network. There should be an overall direction to the way nodes can be transversed.

  4. Nodes should have conditions requiring the actors, or location or anything to be in a certain state. I think this is how the have to be connected. When a choice is available all of the available nodes should be considered, though maybe it isn't always super clear what's going to happen. There should be some element of randomness after all.

  5. As the game progresses more actions should unlock. Maybe you get new equipment, or furniture. You've trained your slaves to accept or even come up with things they wouldn't do before. That way there's still a sense of progression in the game.

  6. Characters have personalities, likes and dislikes. For the most part this can be done through the aspect system. Aspects also work like experience and grow and change over time so they might grow to like things more.

  7. Personalities though are more like collections of the ways that they react to different situations. Mostly I think for dialog, but probably also effect their decision making.

  8. We should also consider clothing and equipment and such.

### Encounter Module
All of the sex scene stuff should go into its own module, there's no combat in this game, so I think the name encounter works well for everything related to a sex scene.

### Encounter Class
I think there needs to be an encounter model obviously to keep track of the encounter state, the actors, their positions, the location, all of that.

### Actors
The characters and their bodies first off. We're actually in a pretty good place with these. I think the characters, bodies, body parts and such should all be part of a character module. I think it's safe for everything to assume that the character models exist. However, there are some attributes like the jobs and roles that will have to be split out into separate models, that are only loaded in scenarios that need them.



None of this is really that different from what I was planning earlier with the character training, so it should fit in pretty easily I would think. The biggest change is really the ability to branch in the middle of a scene. That could potentially get super crazy though. In fact I think I already know that it is. There are so many variables in play and I think they all need to be considered. We need to allow branching, but also minimize the amount that can happen. I think there are a few things that we can do to keep things sane but also allow maximum variety.

### Encounter Phases
Encounters need to progress in a logical way. Phases should only progress upward. A scene starts with characters not interacting, possibly clothed. They end when one or both exhausted or satisfied in some way. We can go from clothed to foreplay to fucking to fucked, but not in the other order. Some phases can be skipped. Maybe we don't do forplay, but each node knows what phase it can be entered from. The node itself changes the phase.

### Character Status
The other way we can keep an encounter on track is giving characters attributes like energy or health that slowly decrease over time. You might be able to give some energy back in the middle of a scene, but for the most part it's a limited resource that ends the scene when it's used up. Some nodes have a minimum energy threshold that's required to start, and the nodes remove the resources they use.



A single node should produce quite a bit of text. At least few paragraphs. An entire encounter should have maybe 4 to 6 nodes selected. Perhaps more complicated ones could have more and some very simple ones could have fewer, so the range is probably really 1 to 10 nodes in an encounter.

Nodes don't necessarily have to be structured like a tree, but that makes the most sense. I think we should front load as many requirements into the nodes as possible, and when it's time to gather them all up they all need to be considered as a possible follow on node. We'll need some fallback nodes as well. If nothing seems possible we can add some reset nodes that get the scene back on track.



When an encounter is finished we still need to show the results. Changes make to the character's aspects, favorability increases, and any other long term term or permanent change.



Sounds like a lot, and yet this is still much smaller in scope than my original idea. I'll need to add some events and such as well just to add a little bit of story just so that the whole scenario makes any sense at all. The entire game though is really just summon demons or kidnap people, and do whatever you want to them.

So next steps. We need stories that will allow us to:
  In between encounters you can wander around the mansion, talk to and interact with all of the other characters.
  Summon a demon.
  Talk to the demon.
  Either start a scene with that demon or give it an order to go kidnap something.
  Talk to and fuck a captive.
  Captives may eventually become servants.
  Talking to a captive also gives you other options to change whatever their passive state is.
    - Change their location.
    - Change their equipment or clothing.
    - Set a role for them. (Yes, maybe they will have roles, who knows. Different from a job role though.)

Need a way to limit the number of demons summoned or captives you have. Maybe some item is required to summon a demon? Or... maybe the demons are not randomized at all and are the only real set in stone characters. They can't die after all. So maybe you decide to summon an incubus or succubus first, then you unlock the option to bind more to you as the game progresses. The nightgaunt should be next, for kidnappings, then more interesting stuff later, nightmares, infestors, pit fiends, etc. I think that sounds like a better option.
