The training phase is the next major feature that I'm planning on adding to the game. I was planning on unlocking the phase after the bath event, but I think that's a bit arbitrary. It makes more sense to unlock the ability to assign a minion to your bed after you have soap, but unlock training after the fruit-and-nuts event. If you have sex with your minion obviously you'll want to make it a regular thing. If you don't I think you can still choose to train your minions in non-sexual ways too.

Training courses are organized in categories. The first step is to select a minion and a category. Then you select a training course.

Training Row:
  Minion:(minion) CategoryTabs:[ Physical | Mental | Sexual | Platonic ]
    Physical Courses: Strength, Fighting
    Mental Courses: (nothing yet)
    Platonic Courses: Bonding
    Sexual Courses: Oral,

I'm reorganizing the courses from what I had before. Rewards and punishment aren't courses, but they're the result of choosing a course a minion is unwilling to consent to. This combines and simplifies things a bit. This makes it impossible to sexually reward a minion unwilling to have sex with you, which is the intent. Oral training is an easy course while piss training or fisting training is more difficult. I think sexual courses should have options too which adjust the difficult level. Normal oral training is easy, adding deepthroat or face fucking options make it more difficult. These courses replace the summoner actions.

And really all of this needs to replace summoning entirely. There's too much overlap there. All of the story teller stuff still completely applies though. The consent calculator also fits into this as well because you can only reward with sex that a minion consents to. Punish training can be done at any time, but in addition to increasing fear, there are negative penalties for punishing minions, especially if you do it too often.

I think this is a good place to start though.
