Event timing is more complicated than I was thinking it would be. I should spend a few more hours thinking about its design. It was a fairly reliable part of the game already. Only fairly though because there were problems. On the same day I would enqueue an event where I read a journal entry then went to bed, and that was immediately followed up by an event sitting in front of the fire with a minion. We could lock in one morning event, but that was the extent of it.

I'm planning on making the training it own phase and splitting the day into morning and night phases. The event queue as it's currently implemented just won't work under the new constraints. So let's first determine what I need:

- Events occur at specific times.
- Phases in which events occur may be limited to a single event.
- Other phases may allow any number of events.
- We can set a current event that must be displayed next.
- We can add an event out of phase that will occur when the phase happens.
- We can add AvailableEvents that have requirements and a random chance of occurring or not.
- AvailableEvents set the current event when its requirements are met, but only if there's room.
- We can enable LocationEvents so that they show up on the map and at locations.
- AvailableEvents and LocationEvents are persisted to the database.
- There's no need to persist the current event because the game cannot be saved during an event.
- The events themselves know what time they occur and what phase they belong in.
- When a new event starts the time and location are displayed.
- Events can be chained together by the current event so that they act like a single event.

This sounds correct so far. I'll add more requirements as I think of them I'm sure. I think the most important thing to figure out are the phases.

- wake          (1) Any event that mentions the player waking up. There can only be one of these per day obviously.
- early         (1) Standard morning events that happen after you have woken up, but before you have control. Both the
                    wake phase and the early phase are shown as early morning on the setting card.
- morning       (n) A secondary morning phase but only for location events. This phase ends when you confirm your
                    working plan for the day.
- before-work   (n) Events that are triggered by sending minions on missions or starting new projects.
- work-report   (-) Not an event phase. This is when the report view is shown.
- after-work    (n) Events that were added because a job is finished. Both before-work and after-work are shown as
                    afternoon on the setting card.
- evening       (n) You are given control again and can roam the keep in the evening doing night time location events.
                    This phase ends when you confirm your training plan for the evening.
- planning      (n) Events triggered by training your minions. The planning phase is also labeled as evening.
- night         (1) You have one night event. It may mention you going to bed.
- late-night    (1) Things that wake you up in the middle of the night.
- any-time      (n) Location events that can happen in the morning or evening.

So eleven phases total, whereas before I was working with three. I can see a lot of benefit to doing things this way though. So each event will need to know how it should be enqueued, and throw an error if it's enqueued the wrong way. I think all of the queuing data can be represented by a setting object.

  setting:{
    location: location-code,
    phase:    phase-code,
  }

The setting object is saved in the current event when it's started, and continues on through the chained event just like the state does. So if an event has a setting object we know it's a new event and should display the setting card. In debug mode the event code can also be displayed. We can also infer the background from the setting, but we can override it as well.
