# A New Journal

First off, I've decided to move my design journals directly into the source code here. I used to keep all of my design documents in PB wiki, then in Evernote, but they were both rather inconvenient actually. So while the completed design documents and other things fit for public consumption will go into the GitHub wiki, these design journals will just all get dumped here. The point of these journals is really just to help me organize my thoughts about various features and future plans. I might come back to reference these at some point or turn what I write here into more concrete documents.

# Mood Attributes

The game's mood and personality features are still completely loose and up in the air. I really have to figure all this out now because I'm adding the sex actions and such into the game. The mood attributes here might change some of the early game sex scenes, but as your first minion is kind of a known quantity, I'll probably just mold her set personality to fit the early game events so that it matches what happens afterwards. So first let's determine what all this means, what do mood and personality effect?

I'm planning on making the sex scenes rather short, but with a lot of variety. In practice they'll probably work a lot like the describers, weaving together random snippets of text appropriate for the given situation. So when a summon action is selected, I don't think it should queue an event. It might just show a single page with a paragraph or so of text detailing what you do. Should include an image too of what happens, though it will be a long time before I can include sex images like this. Mostly because there will need to be a fuck lot of them.

### Starting Attitude

So, when you summon a minion to you, you should have a general idea of what they're up for. Are they happy? Are they healthy? Do they like you? I should detail all of this before you select they sex action, so that the player knows the character's general mood before going into this. Also, as it's designed right now, you can only summon one minion from the minion details panel. I think the locations need an action as well. Click on the summon action from the locations panel and you'll pick one or more minions to summon at a time. Then we'll need an overview for all the minions, but this allows for group sex actions. I'll add a story for that right now actually.

So the plan is to place a starting attitude panel above the list of sex actions. This attitude panel needs to convey the following information for each minion.

- Are they happy?
- Are they healthy?
- Are they loyal to you?
- Do they fear you?
- Do they like you?
- What is their personality as it applies to sex? Passive? Slutty? Resistant?

Of these, only health is currently implemented. I can add a brief snippet if they're fine, but if they're injured I should detail that a bit too. If their cock, pussy, or asshole are injured I should probably give a brief description highlighting that as well. Just so you know if you're about to fuck a pussy what has been ripped to shreds. So brief injury descriptions is a whole other epic set of stories that has to be done eventually.

We've also been adjusting the minion's loyalty and fear without using them yet. I think they should definitely be used here though. Or at least these attributes will effect the things that are displayed here. I need to figure out how they'll be used practically. What branches are there? What attributes determine what branches are followed?

#### Consent

I think consent needs to be the first branch. Is your minion willingly having sex with you are are you raping them? Are are some sex actions that are the same in any case, but this will usually lead to an entirely different kind of action. The consent switch isn't just binary though, I think there needs to be multiple states here: rape, reluctant, consenting, and enthusiastic. This consent level though needs to be determined for each action, and for each character involved in the action. Also, these actions are positional, so the order that you select the minions matters, or else I need to have multiple arrangements in the action list when order matters. Bit of a tangent, but if you're having a gangbang, you need to know which minion is getting banged gang.

Anyway, so consent should be a four state attribute that acts as the primary event selector. The consent value is determined by:

- Fear. A minion that's afraid of you will get pulled towards reluctantly consenting. If they also like you it's possible they may also consent or enthusiastically consent, so I think fear is really only used to block the rape state, though really that's not actual consent, but in the event text it still reads that way ethics aside.

- Loyal. A loyal minion is more likely to consent. When a minion is loyal to you they do generally like you. I think if loyalty is strong enough it overrides fear, and brings the state up to consent. I think I'll need to come up with a chart of all this, because this is essentially a 2D graph of fear and loyalty that determines the 3 different consent states.

- Character Aspects. I think the character aspects are used to bring consent up to enthusiastically consent. This is more action specific than the others. If a minion has the anal-slut aspect they'll enthusiastically consent to some anal sex. They might need anal-slut 2 before they consent to double anal. These aspects can probably raise the consent levels out overall too though. If they're a complete anal slut they'll consent to anal sex even if they don't like you. At the same time, if they have the anal-shy aspect their consent level should drop accordingly. If that aspect is strong enough they'll only ever reluctantly agree to any anal. So perhaps the aspects have a stronger influence than fear and loyalty, but they're also very action specific. Aspects can be trained though, so over time you can make your followers into anal-sluts, it just takes time.

- Injuries. A character's injuries also effects their consent levels. If their pussy is injured, they won't want to get fucked. If they have enough masochism this might be nullified or even reversed. A character who's afraid though may be effected more strongly by their injuries. Injuries are part specific so pussy health effects pussy actions strongly. Overall health also reduces general consent though.

- Happiness. I don't actually have anything in the game right now that tracks a minion's happiness and overall contentment. I think that could be important, but is it also redundant? I'm not sure if we need both happiness and loyalty at the moment, but if we ever do add something like this, then it should effect the consent values as well.

- Horniness. I am planning on adding a horny attribute to the minions though. Horniness builds over time. If a minion gets too horny they'll go find some sex. If they like you, they'll go to you first, otherwise they'll go find someone else, or take care of their own needs. The point is that horniness will constantly be going up and down. If horniness is low it will drop the overall consent by some factor, or if it's high it will raise overall consent by a factor. A character's aspects effect how fast their horniness builds.

- Personality. So personality is a whole other topic that I haven't really thought through completely. The previous version of the game had personality aspects, but I don't think I really implemented that. I was thinking that there should at least be a violent / passive attribute on the characters that comes into play here. I might just hold off on letting this effect consent at all before I fully implement this. I think voilent/passive should eventually effect the consent values of specific actions though. If they're getting fucked it helps for them to be passive. If they're fucking it helps if they're more voilent. I think it's only a slight bump though in any case, so we can hold off on this for now. Personality has a bigger effect in the secondary event selector.

So it looks like we have two different types of consent as well. There's the general consent to any sex that's calculated first, then there's action specific consent. It looks like consent should be calculated on a scale, and when all the calculations are complete then the final consent value is assigned.

#### Personality

So after we determine the consent level we can select a specific sex story. I think I want the stories to encapsulate a specific sex scene, kind of like how the injury stories work, but they'll be a bit more complex I imagine. The looms will be used extensively to describe body parts as they're used. Fucking a scaven is very different from fucking a centaur, so after we determine consent level we also need to select a story based on body types and such.

I think a character's personality really comes into play here too. I would like for the characters to talk to the player. The way that characters talk and act though are governed by their personality. Within a story we can replace areas set aside for dialog with phrases the come from a character's personality. At the moment we probably only have one personality. The passive scaven. There will be more eventually, and I'll need to figure out how personalities are assigned, how do they change over time, what all the options are. For now though I can create a single personality and use it.

That's a lot of planning, though I still feel like there's a lot of stuff still left unaddressed. I think that should be enough though to start in on the first few sex stories, and we'll figure out the rest as we go along.
