
Eventually I'd like to be able to add some kind of focus system to the game. There needs to be a way to guide long term changes that a character can undergo. I would like to add a bunch of size expansion systems into the game for instance. Breasts, nipples, cocks, balls, clits, labia, anuses, prolapses, all of it. I want there to be focuses for different fetishes as well. Deep throat training. Shit eating, pain toy training. Really a bunch of different focuses that can encourage your minions to develop in a certain way over time. Some of them will require equipment. A series of progressively larger anal plugs for instance. Some of them will require constant resources. Daily nipple injections. Some of them will probably require the attention of the player.

Perhaps this could be part of the planning interface. In addition to your own normal daily work load, and the minions jobs, you have up to four training slots that you can assign a minion to. Maybe just two at first and then up to 4 or even 6 with some upgrades maybe. You select a minion for the training slot, then whatever the focus should be. If a focus requires equipment you should be able to equip it during the training. If you don't have any though your training won't be very effective. If you don't have enough consumables the training will be reduced as well. Some training like cock growth will be reduced right down to 0 without the right potions available. So perhaps the best way to handle this will be for training to have three components. There are baseline , equipment, material values used to determine the efficacy of a training event.

                    Baseline Equipment Materials
   Breast Growth    0        0         100
   Anal Expansion   5        35        60

Then, from those values you can calculate how effective a single training session is. Different equipment and consumables may have different secondary effects as well. They might cause injury or increase fear or increase a related attribute.

Also you will need many effective sessions before you see any actual effects. Take breast growth for instance. Breast size is measured with a size class and a size scale. The scale goes from 1 to 100. Perhaps a 100% effective session will increase the scale by 10. A 10% effective session will only increase the scale by 1. The effectiveness for breast growth depends entirely on the effective bonus from the potion used.

Anal expansion though is more complex. Anus also has a size scale, a size class, and a condition. So as you increase the size you also advance the condition. If you have an anal expansion training session with no equipment, you're essentially just using your fingers, cock, hand or whatever will stretch the minion's ass enough, but this only results in a 5% effective training session. Perhaps meaning there's a 50% chance of increasing the scale by 1. Or maybe there's a 5% chance of increasing the scale by 10? The same effect, but the latter is probably easier to calculate. If you add equipment, like having them wear an anal plug all day, that can increase the effectiveness up to 40%. You'd still need to add drugs, to increase the effectiveness. Or maybe the drugs just inflate the results? A lot to consider.

The equipment is important though. Equipment is given to minions outside of the training. If you equip a minion with a huge anal plug though that should trigger an event. If it can't fit then it cannot be equipped. Just wearing the plug will convey some of the same effects as training without the training. Once you start training the character though you shouldn't be able to causally remove the associated equipment. Sounds complex, as that would introduce some kind of training managed equipment. Ultimately you should be allowed to remove a plug and cancel the training. And a plug should be added when a training regimen is started. So maybe training is a separate interface. It's not really part of planning after all. Lots to think about. One thing I can say though is that training shouldn't be a task. It's a far more in depth system.
