
### Summoning Event Requirements
I've been rethinking some of the requirements for certain summoning events. Right now there really aren't any. Part of my plan was to have player aspects determine what actions are unlocked, however I think minion aspects should also be used, at least for more difficult actions. If a minion doesn’t have an associated aspect there should be simpler aspects that can ease a character into the more difficult ones. Perhaps even second and third level difficulties that require the higher associated aspect levels as well.

### Minimum Consent Level
I think I also want to add a minimum consent level to the consent calculator. Narratively your first minion consents to essentially anything, but then it doesn’t make sense that they wouldn’t consent to any summon action. The reluctant through enthusiastic levels still make sense though. I think minions need a relationship attribute that governs this. Your minion starts out with relationship set to sex slave. There will be other relationship types as well, maybe someone who always at least consents, or someone who never consents, but I’ll determine them later. Not having a relationship set causes the consent calculator to function normally.

### Unlock Training
The first step to unlocking training is getting some soap. Your minion is filthy after all. Not someone you’d really want to get too close to or sleep with. I’m not sure if I want to make soap, or just have you find some. Seems unnecessarily complicated to have to make it. And finding it just seems too convenient, though it might make sense that there may be a couple fifty year old bars stashed away someplace. Another option might be for your minion to go steal some. That might be a good first mission to send them out on. Ahh, we can have them discover a trapper’s camp in the wood. They can steal some furs and soap and a few other supplies from there. A few days later though Ravingari shows up having tracked your minion back to the keep. I’ve been wondering what the best way to introduce him would be.

Anyway, one you have soap we’ll add a bath time event with your minion where the two of you take a bath together. Probably swap some oral. After this event the two of you will dry in front of the fire. You’ll think about starting a training program for her and consider changing your sleeping arrangement with her.

I think there will only be a few training options at first. Just the ones that don't require equipment or consumables. That still leaves a few options. Obedience training to increase their submissive attribute. Oral training to eliminate their gag reflex. Anal training to just get them used to it. Eventually piss training will get unlocked. Perhaps some kind of masochism training as well.

### Ravingari
Now Ravingari showing up complicates things. He shouldn’t show up until after you steel from him and after you finish reading the journal. Eventually you’ll be able to make a minion out of him, though it should take a lot of convincing. When he shows up he’s clearly a bit hostile towards you, but he’s also a bit surprised to see you. His reaction should be based in part on your species. He’ll trust you more if you’re a lupin, and more if you’re some other furry, but less if you’re any type of elf. We should use his loyalty attribute to chart your progress with him. This works completely differently than if he was a minion. You’re not at all who he was expecting. In order to really pull him over to your side you’ll need to commit to raiding some villages, going fully up against the church, so quite a bit later in the game.

When he initially shows up though he demands some kind of compensation. You can deny him of course, which lowers his opinion of you. You could give back what’s left of what you stole which has no negative consequence. Or you can offer up your minion which he’ll fuck the shit out in front of you, which improves his opinion of you.

That sounds like a good introductory event for him. I’m going to need more events to bring the two of you together. Maybe you can save his life at some point, maybe break him out of prison after he gets captured by some inquisitors. Or not, letting him die might be an option too. Maybe he’ll return the favor by coming to your aid later, but can’t of course if he’s dead. If the two of you keep looking out for each other eventually you’ll come to trust each other.
