
For a while I was keeping all of my design documents on a completely separate website, and while that provided a nicer editor, it also kept everything separate from the code, so I decided to move all of the documentation into the code base itself; which is when I started the wiki. The wiki though should only be used for actual documentation. It's for documenting the features, the DSLs, other concrete ideas and such. And so it became apparent that I would also need a separate place for working through design ideas. Ideas that will probably change over time and that I might want to come back to now and again, and thus I added a design directory under /docs in the codebase. Now though, I think I could use another type of documentation just for musings. Some place to work out whatever I might be struggling with at the moment; for documents I might never come back to and don't really provide anything but maybe some historical interest for myself. So yeah, musings.

So my current problem is with writing the summon actions. Like the descriptions they just became too much to handle all at once. They're going to have to be long term projects that I take small bites from now and then. I don't want to wait too long though or else they'll just build up on me and become horrible and impossible. However, right now, with all these actions looming, it's making the entire project hard to work on. They're causing me to avoid working on anything. So, rather than just beat my head against them, I'm going to move on to something more productive instead. I think I need to concentrate on going deep now, add more plot events, work on getting your second minion. Start building improvements to the keep, all of that. Go long first, then worry about deep. So if that's the plan, I should take a look at the kumo board, see what needs to be done next and some stories. Mostly though I just need to find a way to get my mojo back and get productive again.
