
Every once and a while, I take a look around and realize that I've gotten far too in the weeds again and have lost track of the big picture. I think I need to take a couple days and refocus my efforts on big picture tasks. For what feels like a long time now I've been adding features, descriptions, events and such, and while all of that is absolutely necessary, I don't actually feel like I'm making too much progress. I need to take a step back, maybe for a few days even and put together a long term roadmap. I need to refocus my efforts on developing the game's critical path. Get minions. Send them on missions. Build upgrades. Even start in on the raiding stuff. If I get even a bare bones implementation of all the game's 'big' features I can fill in the details later. But I should really focus on making something playable first, and fill in the details that glue everything together later.

Going forward, when I add a new event to the game, I can create it in a draft state. I'll just give a paragraph or so describing what happens, then I'll come back later to write the actual event text. That way I can pretty much have all of the critical path events in the game, and if I need to change something (like when I had to rewrite all of the early game events) it won't be such a loss to throw everything away and rework a tree or branch.

This also means I need to focus on adding the big missing features. I should first begin by consulting with the old wiki and recommit to all of the big features in the game. Then I can figure out the path of events and such that will get all of those features unlocked and into the game. I can concentrate on gameplay, which after all is the most important thing to worry about now. All of the writing, all of the text that's going to go into this game. They're essentially the graphics. Working on the graphics before most of the game is in place is stupid. I need to remember this.

So really that's the big plan for the foreseeable future. The critical path. The essential game features. Then fill in the details later. Then once all the features are in place, and the main progression path has been filled in. Then I can branch out. Go wide adding a ton of different events and such, but only after the important stuff has been put in place.
