
Back at this again after taking a break for half a year or so. I've determined that I really needed to reevaluate everything that I'm doing in the game, because again I was getting too bogged down in the adventure game aspects of the game, while not being able to progress with the sex scenes, which should really be the core of the gameplay. That's like making World of Warcraft starting with the quest design and saving the combat for last. So the plan right now is to make a simplified game and event framework around the sex system, then slowly integrate other systems later.

The problem with this plan though was that everything was a big balled up interlocked mess. So, in order to start even working on Cinnamon as a separate scenario I first needed to reorganize the engine code to pull everything into isolated modules. A few shared classes are going to be part of the core, things like Game, Events, but the core should really be used as the director, sending and fetching data from the various modules to tie everything together.

The characters in Cinnamon for instance are not going to have jobs and roles and such. As such all of that code will need to be pulled out into a jobs module. The director will need to know to make requests into the module, but I think what modules are loaded can all be part of the scenario configuration.

Anyway, that's the reorganized structure of the engine. It's not finished, but the scaffolding's there so that I can add things over time and they should just fall into place without needing to do backflips and shit. Now I just need to figure out what the fuck I'm doing with the rest of this. Maybe start with some features and see how they fit together? Though really I should do that in a design document as it's the sort of thing I'll be editing over time.
