
I've been going though the old wiki, transferring the documentation into the new wiki, which gives me a good chance to go over all of the planned features and such. In doing so I've realized that some of what I've planned doesn't really mesh well. The hinterlands, where the player has their keep is pretty empty. There's really no civilization here at all, but then where will you send your minions out to raid? That's a damn big disconnect. I think I may need to rethink everything about the player's position in the world and the world itself in order to make this work.

My first instinct of course is to redo the game's opening... again.

Not completely, just the first scene or so where you're chased into the keep by abominations. The more I think about it the less I like it. I think I want to change it up, give the player a bit more agency here. You still should form yourself from the void, but as you do so you should decide on a goal to work towards. The goal you choose should come with a few perks. I'm thinking something like:

    Conquest: I will conquer these lands.
      - Bonus Physical Attribute
      - Savagery Bonus on raiding missions

    Knowledge: I will unlock the secrets of this world.
      - Bonus Mental Attribute
      - More likely to make discoveries though experimentation

    Power: I will master the arcane arts.
      - Bonus Magical Attribute
      - Mana is gained more rapidly

    Followers: My harem will be legendary
      - Bonus Personal Attribute
      - New minions have increased loyalty

The thing is, I think you should know from the very beginning of the game what your goals are, what you intend to do and so forth. You're not in Faingorn keep because you're trapped there. You choose to be there. This is a big change though. Might tough every early event just a bit. You've definitely died and have come back just for this. You still don't remember much about how you came to be here, but you do know what it is you have to do. I think this will be a better approach all around, with less uncertainty and ambiguity.

# The World

I also want to rethink the world a bit. I don't think the hinterlands should be empty. This though is a bigger change than it would seem at first. The whole Malcolm's journal thing doesn't make as much sense, though adding more civilization and such shouldn't really change too much. The city of Rhysh is still important. That's where they need to travel to and from. The little villages and farms and hamlets don't have much that would help them.

Even if you didn't choose conquest as your primary goal, they're all still goals. There must be a reason that you hate the people of the Rhysh. Some reason that makes you want to conquer this land and the people here. Perhaps some fleeting memories. You're burned at the stake for witchcraft. You're stoned to death. You're drown, hung, killed in countless ways.

Maybe the hinterlands are separate from Rhysh. They're under a different ruler. They've fallen under the sway of a church. A tyrannical, anti-sex, anti-magic, church. You've had countless run ins with them, over countless lives. They keep killing you, but you grow in power with each life. I think I like this approach a lot more. Now you have a reason to go out and raid and pillage. Revenge!

This changes things considerably of course, but it's necessary to work towards a comprehensive whole.
